Document gp-cli ports visibility (#2821)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/references/gitpod-cli.md

gp ports await 3000 && gp preview $(gp url 3000)/my/path/index.html
```

### visibility

> Change ports visibility to make it only available for **users with workspace access** (`private`) or **everyone who knows the port's URL**(`public`). The ports visibility default is `private`.

Reviewer: suggestion (non-blocking): I'd word this a bit differently + link to `.gitpod.yml` because there a user can pre-configure the visibility  👀 
```suggestion
You can change a port's visibility to make it only available for **users with workspace access** (`private`) or **everyone who knows the port's URL** (`public`). A port's default visibility is always `private`, unless configured differently from within [`.gitpod.yml`](/docs/references/gitpod-yml).
```

We can also pre-configure visibility of ports in [.gitpod.yml](/docs/references/gitpod-yml#portsnvisibility).

Example to change port visibility

> ```sh
> # Make it public
> gp ports visibility 3000:public
> 
> # Or private
> gp ports visibility 3000:private
> ```

Reviewer: suggestion: let's make the examples similar to the ones on the other `gp ports` commands 👀 (also tried to be a bit more specific with the description):

```suggestion
Here's an example which will make port `3000` public:
```sh
gp ports visibility 3000:public

Here's an example which will make port `3000` private:
```sh
gp ports visibility 3000:private
```
```
